Add extra documentation about updating dockers (#5088)
iree-org/iree: build_tools/docker/README.md

## Adding or Updating an Image

### Prerequisites

> ## Instal GCloud
> 
> To install gcloud run:
> 
> ```shell
> sudo apt install -y google-cloud-sdk
> ```
> 
> Follow the [`instructions in GCloud`][gcloud-help] or run:
> 
> ```shell
> gcloud auth login
> ```
> 
> By default Docker will require using `sudo`. If you are in this case make sure
> to authentify using:
> 
> ```shell
> sudo gcloud auth login
> ```
> 

Reviewer: This isn't going to be the way to do it for everyone, and in particular I think it is only true for Googlers on glinux workstations. Probably no one else has this repository already configured. Let's instead link to the gcloud installation instructions (https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install). They have a link at the top redirecting Googlers to the internal instructions. In general, we want to avoid rewriting other's help docs since then we're responsible for maintaining them.

``````suggestion
## Set Up GCloud

[Install the Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install).

[Configure authentication for Docker](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/advanced-authentication#gcloud-helper)

By default Docker will require using `sudo`, so you need to
authenticate as the root user, e.g.:

```shell
sudo gcloud auth login
```

You can also
[configure Docker to not require sudo](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/),
though bear in mind that this is equivalent to passwordless sudo
access.

``````

    ```shell
    python3 build_tools/docker/manage_prod.py
    ```

> 
> [gcloud-help]: https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/advanced-authentication#gcloud-helper

Reviewer: I much prefer inline links unless they're *super* complex and/or only useful in the rendered markdown. Markdown should generally be readable and usable in either the source or rendered html format and if the links get stuck at the bottom, a reader of the source has to go hunting around for them.

```suggestion
```
